and I will show you that rabbin works so
there's this those of you know about the
chunker's a night professor can take too
many mics when you add something you can
specify a specific chunker and what that
does is it chooses a different way to
split a file and create a layout and
normal the naive chunker just splits by
size which is really dumb
Robin is a Robin fingerprinting based
algorithm that chunks smartly to try and
cause as much of two different versions
of a file to deduplicate meaning if you
have two large files and you have one
large file and you create an insertion
somewhere and so now you've like grown
the files from wearing create a new
version if you add it to I profess again
you'll create two different hashes but
ideally you would duplicate as much as
possible over the file because only one
insertion changed if you did in the
naive way with it with a size based
chunking then the first part of the file
would be the same but the moment there's
an insertion the rest would be all
different and so you wouldn't a
duplicate all of the other stuff so the
way the robin works is it tries to
magically I will explain that offline
aligned chunking boundaries using crypto
to make sure that only the insertion
would only maybe cost two or three
chunks to be different but then the rest
of the file would be duplicated this is
been a feature that's where I professed
for a long time and people wondered like
hey is this actually working so turns
out that when I use Robin with flat FS
the old version of creating all the
different objects in the block that the
datastore that'd be pretty expensive and
so it would be extremely slow so people
just didn't want to use it but now that
we have badger this can be really really
fast
basically as fast as the normal the
normal chunking and so I've made a tool
called ifs bench ad options to just show
show the quality and it's a simple go
tool you can find it on github and what
it does is that it pumps out once you
run it it will
create a different repo with with a
different configuration so badger or
whatever and then it would run at
commands with the specified chunker and
splitter and so on just so we can see
what what the effects on the repo are
the difference in run time and all kind
of stuff and it'll spit out this like
reports thing so this report is he was
like saying hey it ran on this this time
this is like the how how big it turned
out to be this is it took 42 seconds
this is like a normal-size based thing
and here's Robin so this the it was a
bit slower I guess by two three or four
it's slower but the size or is it yeah
two point one gigs here's the size so
that gives you an idea of the deed of
and so what is the data set the data set
is all of the talks that I have in
keynote which have a ton of embedded
images and they're all over the place
but if you duplicated all of them so
that the original data set is 8 gigs the
size chunk thing is seven point
something so it's a little bit of data
and then the the rabbin fingerprinting
base one drops it down to two gigs so
the shows that in package managers this
be awesome
[Music]